JEFF: Coming up, juicy gossip.
There's a rumor that you
and the bus driver are doing it.
JEFF: Some out of
control dance moms.
I think Holly, probably,
has the biggest butt.
We see each other a
lot, you know, naked.
JEFF: And smack
-talking superfans.
I'm the boss,
and that's all there is to it.
Vivi is the mastermind
behind Cathy.
JEFF: Plus, our very
own diva of dance.
Who do you think dresses
the worst on the show?
JEFF: Abby Lee Miller is here.
Melissa needed to
be taught a lesson.
ALEC: You are unmovable.
I went right to
the police station.
This is "Dance Moms Chatter."
[theme music]
(SINGING) Get up,
get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
[applause]
Hi. I'm Jeff Collins.
And welcome to "Dance Moms
Chatter."
I'm here with everybody's
favorite dance teacher,
Miss Abby Lee Miller,
my favorite and yours.
Listen, if you love all things
"Dance Moms," grab a cocktail,
get comfy, because we're
going to dish the dirt
and reveal everything you've
always wanted to know
about your favorite
show and mine.
We've got fan-favorite moments,
burning questions from Twitter,
cast members, some
super-fan comedians,
and never before seen clips.
Are you ready for the lowdown?
[applause]
All right. So listen, the
internet is buzzing about you
and the show,
and we've got a lot of questions
from fans.
But actually, what I want to do
is take a moment to ask you
kind of how this
all got started.
Why did you go straight to being
a choreographer versus being a
dancer?
Well, I was very creative.
I had an eye for costuming.
I had an eye for color.
I had a good ear to pick out
music that captured the
audience's attention.
A lot of people want to know
if you're one of those people
who always dreamed of being
famous. Or is this--
I was always a star
in my own mind.
It just took everybody else
a little time to catch up.
I wanted my students
to be famous.
I wanted this life for them.
And now I'm living it. It's
crazy.
[applause]
But I worked hard and I gave up
a lot for those kids, you know,
I gave up my personal life,
I gave up many, many, many, many
times
with my family doing things
because of my students.
You know, somebody
would have a wedding,
and I couldn't go because
my student was performing
at the Kennedy Center
in Washington D.C.
You know, a Broadway opening
was the same time as my class
reunion.
You know, just I gave up
my personal life for these kids.
Right. Well, and now-- you know,
look what's happened to you now.
- You invested well in yourself.
- Thank you.
JEFF: And in your kids.
[applause]
All right. Well, listen.
I've got a surprise for you.
We have some guests on the show.
Not only are they super fans,
they are super funny.
So please welcome "Ugly Betty's"
very own Alec Mapa
and recap queen, Nadine Rajabi.
[applause]
Hello.
ALEC: Touch the money.
First rule of show business.
JEFF: Alec, how did you and
Nadine get to be such fans of
the show?
I actually heard about it after
the fact, after Season One.
And then I'm like,
oh, my God. What is this show?
And I went back. And I'm like,
oh, my God. Abby's amazing.
- Thank you.
- You come on.
And you just tell everybody
basically to [bleep] off, in a
good way.
ABBY: But anyway, she's cute,
and she's darling, and those
shoes are fabulous.
ALEC: You're like the Honey
Badger of the show.
Like, everybody could be going
crazy around you,
and you kind of, like, maintain
this demeanor
like, I'm the boss
and that's all there is to it.
And the best part is,
is that Abby goes, you know
what?
You're a suspended, daughter,
because your mom is a whore.
Like, basically--
JEFF: What's been the worst
Dance Mom attack ever.
Oh.
We refer to her as the sinister
minister.
JEFF: Let's take a look at
that infamous moment
and some more memorable
"Dance Moms" blowups.
I don't care if you're taping.
I'm going in to--
ABBY: They were to
wear tights and a leotard.
I made two other children
change their clothes.
Because it's acro,
we're doing a lot on our knees.
And they have to be
in their bare feet.
- May I speak to you a minute?
- No. We're in rehearsal.
I want to speak to you.
You don't throw my kid out of
class.
- I paid for class.
ABBY: She's not dressed
appropriately.
DAWN: I'm looking at every
single kid out here, Abby.
They all look like children.
Isn't that crazy,
that children look like
children?
- She's dressed appropriately.
ABBY: You're the minister.
look at.
The kids are not phased
whatsoever.
Let's play the Bible game, Abby?
When Jesus saw things that were
wrong, he went after it.
And I'll tell you what.
You're not going to do this to
my kid.
Out of the room. Out, out.
Reagan, goodbye. Out, out.
DAWN: You're not throwing her
out. - Oh, yes I am, and you
with her.
- Go. Yes.
DAWN: No, you're not.
Every week we put
the trash out. Go.
Then take yourself out, because
you're the biggest piece of
trash there is.
- Abby, I think we need to talk.
ABBY: No. You're not gonna ruin
this day.
No. We need to talk, Abby.
In the hallway now.
Are you kidding? I'm a paying
client, and you won't speak to
me.
No. Nothing's worth
that much money.
ABBY: I think the worst thing
that Christi can do
is talk about me
when her daughter is present.
I can not get Chloe to trust me
if her mother doesn't trust me
herself.
I'm so excited for you,
because she got the best award.
We don't want to ruin
the way to victory.
- I'm not ruining today.
- No, Abby.
We need to go in the hallway.
Don't be doing this in
front of my daughter, Chris.
Abby. We can all go in the
hallway, because I tried to talk
to you,
and I tried to talk
to you personally.
- Let's go in the hallway.
- Why are you doing this?
- I'm not going anywhere.
- My daughter's happy.
CHRISTI: Let's go in the
hallway. Do you want to talk
about
all the things that need to be
talked about?
- Not here, not now.
- Because you won't talk about
it.
- And you won't talk about it.
- I will never talk to you
again.
- Abby, I'm not talking--
- You're making my daughter cry.
- So shut up.
- Talk about what?
And how many times has my
daughter beat your daughter this
year?
We were stacked against
everybody this weekend because
you didn't.
- Get out of here now. Bitch.
- Let's go. Let's go.
Maybe your kids feel bad, but it
doesn't matter that my daughter
feels bad.
Your daughter is holding a
national title, and I will take
it away in a minute.
Girls. They are staying with me.
You are an uneducated mess.
Quit drinking.
I'm not going on the [bleep]
bus. That [bleep] bitch.
- Don't cry.
- I'm telling you.
Give me a phone.
You are out of control.
- I'm [bleep] for staying at
your studio. - There you go.
CHRISTI: Then I need to leave.
ABBY: You're done.
You've had two weeks
to work on this routine.
KELLY: The haven't really worked
on it for two weeks, Abby. They
learned it--
I know. That's my point.
They don't self
motivate themselves.
- They don't get out there and
work on it. - When do you want
them to work on it?
We had privates,
but we weren't able to go to
them.
But Maddie went to hers.
You're so jealous of that kid.
- Oh, my God.
KELLY: I am not jealous of
Maddie.
You know, you're jealous
that I'm talking to her,
that I'm telling her the same
thing I tell her every week.
Because, Abby,
we're going on a couple after
her.
You made sure her makeup was
perfect, her costume was
perfect.
You haven't looked
at these two at all.
Well, you handle her makeup.
She's your job.
- You know, I don't need a job.
- I know.
But your kid still needs
to point her feet.
- No money can buy that. No.
- That's your job.
- To teach them.
- Money can't buy talent.
Honey Badger don't care.
Like, you are unmovable.
Like, it was either her or you.
- And it was like, bye.
- My name's on the mortgage.
ALEC: I would have been like, in
the Bible,
Jesus wore the proper clothing
to the dance class.
It's in Leviticus.
But you could kind of see,
like, the crazy in her eyes
already,
from the moment she walks into
the room. She's like Cookie
Monster.
Like, her eyes are,
like, [vocalizing]...
Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom.
ALEC: So there's no way that was
gonna end nicely for anybody.
JEFF: All right. So you had some
choice words for Sinister
Minister
when she went off
on you that day.
So how did that situation
ultimately resolve itself?
ABBY: She got thrown
out, the police came,
hauled her out there, and said,
you're finished.
It's private property,
so I just dial 9-1-1,
and they come and haul everybody
out of there.
Now it's up to me to sue her
for the rest of her tuition.
So she's not at the Abby Lee
Dance Company anymore? She
doesn't--
Hell no, Jeff.
JEFF: All right. So there's been
a lot of gossip on the blogs.
In case you haven't heard
or been paying attention,
Abby Lee Miller is officially
off the market.
[gasping]
- Take a look at this.
NADINE: Wow.
MAN: What is the question?
- Were you a jock in high
school?
Please tell me you
played football.
MAN: I played football,
I played basketball.
- I'm a 50-yard line backer.
- Oh, are you?
- I am.
- Cool. Were you a cheerleader?
No.
I just mean I did it on the 50
-yard line.
- You did?
- Let's just go over a few
things, Chris.
- I have some questions for you.
- I have some answers.
- Do you own your own tuxedo?
CHRIS: Yes, I do.
- Okay.
- As a matter of fact, I do.
And I can tie a bow tie,
an actual bow tie.
That's like a bonus point.
- Hi. How are you?
CARL: Good. How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
CARL: I'm Carl.
ABBY: Okay, ladies?
Carl has gum.
- But it must mean he has fresh
breath. - My mom used to teach
dance.
She used to own her
own dance studio.
So you grew up around
a dance studio.
- Oh, time's up. Time's up
- Saved by the bell.
I didn't even get
my tough questions.
Okay.
Why do they take me on their
field trips when I have the
worst outfits on?
You're only as good
as your last performance.
First of all-- wait,
wait, wait, wait.
First of all, we
have got to cover
what was the most shocking thing
you heard in that clip.
That Abby was a 50-yard line
girl. I'm just saying.
JEFF: So let me ask you a
question, what made you decide
to go along
with this whole
speed-dating thing.
- I think I got to leave the
studio. - Did you enjoy it?
It was hilarious.
JEFF: Now, talking about on the
blogs about you dating someone.
So who are you dating now?
There's a rumor that you and
the bus driver are doing it. Is
that true?
ALEC: What blog did
you read that from?
- Jeff.
ALEC: Jeff.
I am not dating someone.
I just have someone
that cares about me.
Is it someone who cares about
you in Los Angeles?
ABBY: Yes.
JEFF: So how weird is it
trying to date like that?
When you go on a date like that,
and then cameras are following.
I know. That waiter was pretty
hot at that restaurant.
For those of you who didn't see
that she actually went on a
date, here we go.
Let's take a look.
So you're not in a relationship
right now obviously.
Well, I kind of have
a long distance.
- We all have a long distance.
ABBY: Mhm.
It's good to have
a long distance.
It keeps it out there.
Oh, my God.
[gasps]
This is the chef's specialty.
It's chocolate eruption.
He wasn't too bad.
- You can have the first bite.
- Mm.
[music playing]
Is that good?
- Tell me about your dance
background. - Yeah. Dance.
- I had a slight dance
background. - Tell me.
Yeah. Yeah. I was
a male stripper.
ABBY: No, you weren't.
- Yeah. For a little bit.
- They made me do it.
- Who's they?
- No. I am not dancing on this
table. - Why?
- I'll break it.
- Wus.
I am 180 pounds of twisted steel
and sex appeal.
This table would crack.
- Twisted steel sex appeal.
- I'm just saying.
Oh hoo.
JEFF: What do you think, Alec?
I know we've just met,
but please tell me
you've never gone out
with this person again.
- No.
- Ever, ever.
Louie looked like a mix between
Count Chocula and "My Cousin
Vinny."
ALEC: With the kind of-- the
beard that kind of ends
like right underneath his eyes.
He took you to place
called Flowers in the Attic,
and you guys were the
only people there.
- Like, that's not creepy.
- He's my worst nightmare.
That date where you're, like,
laughing your head off,
and you're having a good time,
and he's looking at you
like you just
farted in his hand.
ABBY: No.
You know what I was thinking
about?
I was thinking of--
NADINE: "Teen Wolf."
ABBY: "Teen Wolf." Yes.
But then he had that weird
bleach streak going through.
He's, like,
I'm Count Vladimir of
Pittsburgh.
So what's more terrifying,
going on a first date with a
stranger
or being attacked
by a crazy dance mom?
Oh. Going on a first date with a
stranger. Definitely.
The dance mom I can handle.
JEFF: I'm here with Abby Lee
Miller, the star of our show,
and superfan comedians,
Alec Mapa and Nadie Rajabi,
dishing the dirt
on "Dance Moms."
All right. Now we've seen what
happens when dance moms attack.
But what happens about the rare
mom Abby calls friend?
- Well, sometimes.
- Sometimes.
Please welcome
dance mom Melissa.
[applause]
- Good to see you.
- Good. How are you?
JEFF: Melissa, you and Abby
have been friends for a long
time.
You guys have a long
history together.
So the fans want to know, like,
what's going on with the two of
you with this,
you know, on again,
off again relationship.
Because you had a little bit
of a rocky thing that happened.
MELISSA: We're always
going to be friends.
JEFF: So this past season,
how did your friendship go?
You know, you were always
known as, like, best friends.
And then this last season, you
had a bit of a bump in the road.
MELISSA: Oh. The standoff.
The standoff.
ABBY: Oh. Well, you know, I have
been telling Melissa, since day
one,
that she shouldn't do
what the other moms do.
If Maddie-- and I didn't
mean any offense by this--
was a racehorse,
she wouldn't be in the barn
with all the other horses.
She's winning the race.
She's a thoroughbred.
She is in the winner's circle.
The other horses that didn't
win, that aren't in the race--
Not so much.
ABBY: They're just getting the
oats or whatever, you know and
the apple.
And they're getting hosed off.
That's right.
So people say, oh,
she's your favorite.
She's on time. She's prepared.
She's warmed up.
She's dressed appropriately.
If you want to be the favorite,
do that too.
JEFF: What it really
boils down to-- and if I may--
you're upset because Melissa
sided with the moms and not you.
- Yes.
JEFF: All right.
So for anybody who missed it
or wants to see it again,
let's take a look at
what actually happened.
- You guys want to see it, Alec?
ALEC: Yes.
All right. Let's take a look
at what actually happened--
- Where's my popcorn?
- --And Abby.
Here we go.
Ab, can I talk to you
for a sec before you leave?
ABBY: Yeah. What?
I really would love for Maddie
to prove to you that she can
win.
I know, Melissa,
but you have to realize that
she was just in a
duet with Kendall.
And even though she was a lot
better than Kendall and a lot
stronger,
she didn't blow me away either.
She is special.
And my daughter wants to dance.
But why am I telling you that?
Why wouldn't a kid
that had the potential to make
it,
to have a career
in this business,
not have her own integrity,
her own ambition,
to get out of the
car and walk in?
MELISSA: She wanted to come.
- Then why didn't you--
What kind of parent were you
to not let her?
I've been committed
to the studio.
But your daughter has been given
opportunity after opportunity.
- And I realize that.
- I sent her to New York for
auditions.
- And she's gone every time.
ABBY: I took her to LA.
- I do all of these things,
Melissa. - And I know that.
ABBY: And I called you.
- I know you did.
ABBY: I called you.
I didn't call every one of those
mothers.
You risked--
Your kids special--
--on Paige and Brook.
I would have never picked up the
phone and called Sophia
if Maddie would've been
in this building working her
butt off.
Well, you know, we
all make mistakes, Abby.
Yeah. But what you did,
you hurt your own kid. You
didn't hurt me.
- I realize that, Abby.
- No solo this weekend.
There is no way, Melissa.
You did this to Maddie. Not me.
JEFF: So Abby, did you feel like
you could trust Melissa after
what happened?
ABBY: I just think that Melissa
needed to be taught a lesson.
Her friendships have to be
separate from raising her
children.
Those kids should come first.
And there's other
talented kids out there.
Forget about this confrontation.
What the hell was Jill wearing
again?
MELISSA: I know.
She tries to be 20.
NADINE: She was wearing
a black poodle around her neck.
ABBY: Jill has two teenage
daughters, and I think she wants
to be them.
ALEC: Can I borrow this sweater,
you guys?
It's 14 sizes too small,
and too short, and--
JEFF: Well, there's
one dance mom, Cathy.
Cathy not only left the studio,
but she's been on a seemingly
relentless campaign
to beat Abby at every turn.
- Take a look at this.
- Really?
There's a dance teacher in our
area whose kid--
went to New York city with him
while he was away from us.
- Stretch it out. Stretch it
out. JOHN: Hey, Abby.
JOHN: How are you?
- I'm good.
Good to see you.
ABBY: I'm so glad you're here.
ABBY: John is a brilliant,
brilliant choreographer.
- John, is that your LA man?
- No. That's my Miami John.
- That's your Miami John.
- She has Johns in every state.
Love you. Okay,
let's go. Come on.
Ooh. Cathy did not like that,
that you knew somebody.
Like, there's, like, daggers
coming out of her eyes.
I know everybody.
ALEC: You know everybody,
so you're the real deal.
ABBY: I've been doing
this for 33 years.
I take kids all
over the country.
She's at home
with her husband and her kid.
I leave my family,
I leave my studio, my hometown.
Every other studio in my town is
at home. Where am I?
Orlando, New York, Vegas, LA.
I'm with my students.
I meet people. I
network. I take my kids.
I walk in, I go... I throw them
at the producer, at the
director,
at the choreographers.
Here's the difference
between you and Cathy.
You tell it like it is.
She reminds me of that joke.
What's the difference between
a bitchy queen and an evil
queen?
A bitchy queen will say,
are you going to wear that?
And the evil queen will say,
you look terrific.
That's who Cathy is.
NADINE: I actually think Vivi
is the mastermind behind Cathy.
She's actually not a baby.
She's actually 47.
She's a 47-year-old woman.
NADINE: She doesn't speak,
because she actually controls--
She never speaks. She kind of
just lurks by the table, like,
during the auditions--
Right. And then he eats ice
cream. And she's just like--
JEFF: So listen, a lot of fans
have been asking about
where Cathy's money comes from.
So I think we may have found the
answer. Take a look at this.
CHRISTI: We got a
phone call from Cathy.
That--
I know that she is up to no
good. So whatever it is, it's
manipulative.
You know how her husband owns
that beef jerky thing, right?
Well, he was doing a commercial
for the store.
And Cathy called. And she
offered Chloe a job to go be in
the commercial.
ABBY: Oh.
So that's where you were
yesterday.
CHRISTI: So here's a commercial.
MAN (ON TV): We got beef jerky,
turkey jerky, chicken jerky.
Hell, my mouth's on fire jerky.
If you can jerk it, Tommy's got
it, because no one jerks it like
Tommy.
This ain't my first rodeo.
GIRLS: Mm. Good.
KELLY: She's a piece of meat.
Do you think she had her come
to, like, humiliate her?
Absolutely.
Isn't that every
dancer's worst nightmare,
that my beef jerky past
is going to come up at some
point?
JEFF: You know, Dr. Holly,
she lost it this year.
And she called Abby a
monstrosity of evil.
JEFF: And I said to Abby,
do you even know what that
means?
- Yes.
JEFF: I don't know what that
means.
- A monstrosity.
- She used great words, you
know?
All right. So the conflicts and
rivalries on the show
not only make for some great
television, they coin some
interesting insults.
You might want to grab a pen
and take notes on this one.
CHRISTI: So what's your
group dance this week?
- Are you riding unicycles?
- You're a smart girl.
- What's it look like?
- Oh, I don't know.
- It's like a bicycle wheel.
- So what's it to you?
I'm just asking what
your gimmick is this week.
- You always have one.
- There's no gimmick.
That gimmick tends to beat you,
every once in a while.
CHRISTI: Every once in a while.
- Where did you guys get these?
- From Cathy's wheelchair?
CATHY: Ah, no, Jill.
JILL: You gotta admit, that's
funny. That's funny. Come on.
CATHY: Oh, yeah.
We're all laughing.
And how old are
you, double chin?
- Not as old as you.
CATHY: Oh, really?
Who would know
with all the work you've had
done?
- Okay. Turn around if you don't
like it. - I don't need to turn
around, Jill.
- Then shut up.
- No. I don't need to shut up
either.
- Yes, you do. Okay.
CATHY: No. I don't.
- I don't think you can.
JILL: And listen, there are
children here.
- So watch your mouth.
- I don't have to watch my
mouth, Jill.
- Watch your ugly mouth.
- I don't have to watch my ugly
mouth.
- It's ugly, like you.
- You should talk about ugly.
Everybody thinks you're
a man in disguise.
CATHY: Jaylen, you have to
continue to take dance classes.
And you want to be
well-rounded, yes?
Just not well-rounded like Abby.
ABBY: Do you think I've given up
my whole life in all the
organizations
that I belong to
to deal with that piece of crap?
No. She is dirt under my feet.
She hit me. There's
no going back.
- I'm sorry you guys are
miserable. - I'm not miserable.
- Our kids are happy. They--
- Look at me when you talk to
me.
I don't want to look at you
when I talk to you.
You guys are so caught
up on, oh, my God,
complaining about every little
[bleep] thing that happens.
- I'm looking you in the eye,
bitch. - Bitch, let's go. Let's
go.
- I'm not that way.
- Exactly. Sit down.
Do not call me a bitch
if you can't back it up.
Oh, my gosh, guys,
where do we begin?
First of all, I think
that skinny Christi
is, like, the Queen Latifah
of "Dance Moms." Is she not?
She has to sit like
this to hold up her boobs.
NADINE: I felt like she was
gonna float away a little bit.
I wanted to say something
about Cathy though.
The last time I saw her,
she got lots of work done.
- Did you notice that? She's
like this? - Did she?
- Is she?
- Oh.
ABBY: Really?
- And Jill said, look. I said, I
know.
- I saw.
ABBY: Ooh.
Oh, she did something.
There was something going on.
- Well, the meat didn't pay for
that. MELISSA: Something going
on there.
The jerky didn't pay for that.
I think they could take
the insults even further.
Do a whole round of
your dance mama is so--
Are we going there?
Your dance mama so dumb
she bought point
shoes for her fingers.
NADINE: Your dance mama's
so dumb,
when they told her she was
pigeon toed, she went to the vet
and got X-rays.
Your dance mama's so stupid, she
doesn't know what comes after
five, six, seven.
NADINE: Your dance
mama is so stupid
that when Abby told her to put
her daughter's hair in a bun,
she went and got out a baguette.
ALEC: The level of that caliber,
perhaps. Thank you.
I'm here with our star, Abby Lee
Miller, Dance Mom, Melissa,
and super comedians and fans,
Alec Mapa and Nadine Rajabi.
The show has become
a huge success.
And as we all know,
imitation, and in this case,
parody,
is the sincerest form
of flattery sometimes.
So take a look at this clip
from "Dance Moms, The Musical."
[vocalization]
[evil laugh]
That girl's a good singer.
[applause]
How funny is that?
There were, like, three lyrics
to that song. Don't mess with
Abby Lee.
Do they really need the music
in front of them to remember
that?
NADINE: Right. Like, there were
no verses. - It was like, no
other words.
Don't mess. Don't
mess. I got it.
There's a really, really good
studio in South Carolina.
And their big production number
this year with 70 kids in it is
"Dance Moms."
And they took clips from the
show, like voice bites from the
show.
Now, how do you find out about
it? Do people send you stuff all
the time?
ABBY: No. I just I know them,
and I've heard through the--
No. I heard through
the grapevine.
I haven't seen it yet,
but I want to see it.
ALEC: That's so neat.
JEFF: All right.
So, Nadine and Alec, I'm gonna
mix things up here for a second.
I'm going to give you
guys 10 seconds each
to ask as many questions
as you can to Abby.
ALEC: All right. okay.
JEFF: All right. Nadine, you go
first. Go.
Who do you think dresses
the worst on the show?
Kelly.
Do you think that Jill kisses
your ass because she wants to
take Melissa's place?
Jill buys nice gifts.
Do you think that Jill
is a horrible dresser?
- No comment.
- All right, times up.
JEFF: So Alec, I'll give you 10
seconds too. Ready? Go.
How do you manage to teach an
entire class without ever
moving?
Because I'm damn good.
Which celebrity have you met so
far that you were star struck
the most about?
- Whoopi Goldberg.
ALEC: Oh, that's a good one.
JEFF: There you go. Time's up.
- Oh, rats.
JEFF: All right. Okay.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Whoopi Goldberg's a good one.
JEFF: Melissa,
here's one for you.
Which one of the dance moms
do you think has the biggest
butt?
MELISSA: Well, this is a good
question because
we see each other a
lot, you know, naked.
- When?
MELISSA: Oh, my gosh.
We always walk in each other's
rooms when we get ready in the
morning.
JEFF: We've heard all
about your boobs, Melissa.
MELISSA: Oh, my gosh. I think
Holly probably has the biggest
butt.
ABBY: No way. Holly's bottom is
proportionate with the rest of
her--
- Well, her derriere. Kelly?
- Right.
When she buys all those dresses
that she thinks looks fabulous
on her,
the skirt is up in the back
and down in the front.
She doesn't, like, have
them hemmed correctly.
Therefore, by dressing,
Kelly has the biggest butt.
ALEC: I can't believe
that's the one big question
in the Twitter-sphere right now.
It's, like--
That's the burning question out
there. Who has the biggest butt?
And that's not even--
that's not even an opinion
question.
There's, like, reality.
I mean, we could whip out a tape
measure.
JEFF: Another burning question
is, will we ever see Abby doing
some choreography?
Will we ever see you dancing?
Well, I mean, that was like my
question is, like,
we see the end result
in the dance competitions.
And we see you coach the kids
and make adjustments.
But we never actually see you
do the dance moves yourself.
Well, when dancers are
auditioning for professional
work
let's say, here in
LA or in New York.
You could have somebody
that is 75 years old
choreographing the show,
directing the show.
And they say, [inaudible],
glissade, gran jete.
You better know what it is,
If you have to have somebody get
up
and do it for you,
you're screwed.
I mean, I think that we
should just get to the point
where Abby just starts
pointing at people
and not even speaking at all.
Wouldn't that be the greatest?
Yeah. Just telepathically. It's,
like, you have to know what I'm
thinking.
NADINE: With, like,
a laser pointer.
Some kids would get it,
and some kids wouldn't.
JEFF: I'm here with
the star of our show, Abby Lee
Miller,
dance mom, Melissa,
and superfan comedians,
Alec Mapa and Nadine Rajabi.
Talking about all things "Dance
Moms." Cheers, guys.
Now, look, dance has
never been hotter.
How much of that do you think,
Abby, is due to the success of
your show?
- All of it.
- I'll drink to that.
ABBY: I have so many parents
and children telling me
that the child started to dance
because of our show.
They watch the kids on TV, and
they want to get up and do the
routines.
I believe that every child
should dance, for their posture,
for their self-esteem,
to get in front of a mirror,
to get in front of a live
audience,
to learn theater etiquette.
They're learning all of
those things in dance class.
ALEC: I want to go to dance
class right now.
NADINE: I do too.
I want to do the grand jete.
Me too.
JEFF: Speaking of
the grand jete,
why don't we take a look at
some of Abby's favorite dances.
We put together a selection of
clips for you. Take a look.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome
Abby Lee Dance Company.
ALEC: Oh, the emo dance.
NADINE: I love this dance.
ANNOUNCER: "I See
The Kite Flying."
[music playing]
(SINGING) The sky was so blue
So good.
(SINGING) That it
wasn't blue any longer.
Every time that sky comes back
into my mind, the colors shift.
The blue gets bluer
and the horizon widens.
CHRISTI: When the words start
speaking for the group dance,
because there is no music, the
girls start crawling around on
the floor
and, like, punching themselves
in the face. And I thought,
well, okay.
At least you're being
the best that you can be.
ANNOUNCER: Between ages
nine to 10, Black Swan.
I love the walk out.
The walk out, the confident walk
out.
[music playing]
That's when Chloe was good.
ANNOUNCER: This is Maddie
performing Helen Keller.
Oh, that's my baby.
[music playing]
She's like Marlee Matlin
on "Dancing with the Stars."
She was.
Ah.
You see her look at--
Ya.
ALEC: How are you not
a nervous wreck watching that
live,
in the moment that it happens?
NADINE: Can I just go back to,
"I See the Kite Flying."
First of all, I thought that
I was in, like, a speakeasy
in Williamsburg
and want to just snap it out.
ALEC: It was so emo. I thought
they were going to start
cutting.
ALEC: At some point.
ABBY: I think somebody was
cutting.
ALEC: Throughout, the moms are
like, what? What's going on?
Holly's face was great.
NADINE: The Helen Keller was
fantastic because she committed.
She went full deaf and full
blind, because she couldn't find
her teddy bear.
And it was amazing.
ALEC: I love the topical dances,
like the texting dance.
You know, the dangers of
texting. You should get even
more political.
Like, all the girls should play,
like, missiles from North Korea.
And I could come in as Kim Jong
Un. You know, and have a solo.
You could do a dance
about gluten allergies.
Oh, my God.
That would be perfect in LA.
The kids could be dressed
up as wheat
and, like, slices of
bread and spaghetti.
And some of--
one of the kids could play,
like,
an intestinal tract that's being
attacked by all the gluten, you
know?
We could do Lindsay Lohan
going to rehab again,
and the girls can
all be the rehab.
ALEC: They could all be the
different mug shots are Lindsay
Lohan.
ALEC: Like through the years.
Like, they are each had,
like, a number in front of them.
ABBY: That's kind of what
the "I See A Kite" routine is.
- The kids are all locked up.
ALEC: This show has so many
levels.
- It's so good.
- It's like an onion.
Oh, my God. I love it.
JEFF: So guys, not everyone who
watches the show is an expert.
So Alec and Nadine have come
up with a cheat sheet of dance
moves
so you can follow along.
You guys want to take it from
here.
Okay. Yeah. Hit it, hit it.
Roll them. Roll the clips.
ABBY: That's the PK turn of
death. NADINE: I think it's
called the spinner.
The spinner. The spin-a-roony.
ALEC: Oh. okay. This one I
call-- I know this one.
This one is called the
chinny chinny chin.
- That's mine. I love that.
- Oh.
I was either going to call it
the chinny chin chin or the
bottoms up.
Either way, it's uncomfortable
for everybody to watch.
- Reminds me of prom night.
- Right.
So you're really tough.
Have you ever seen a kid
react to you in such a way,
like,
Oh. I was too tough on that kid.
ABBY: Yeah. But I think I'm a
very good judge of character.
And I know what child can
take it and do it in private.
And which kid I'm going to go
after in front of 800 other
people.
ALEC: So are your kids the kind
of kids that can take criticism?
Are they-- they
have thick skins?
MELISSA: When Abby gives her
correction, Maddie fixes it
right away.
ALEC: She doesn't take it
personally, and go off.
MELISSA: No.
She goes home and works on it.
It's kind of crazy how
she's a perfectionist.
I would take it personally,
because I'm a people pleaser.
I'm, like, a bottomless pit of
need aching to be loved.
So, like, if you criticized me,
I would disintegrate.
I would, like, turn
into a pillar of salt.
- But aren't you too the
Maddies? - Yes, I am.
ALEC: I'm a Maddie. Here, here.
Here's to Maddie.
JEFF: All right. So let's take a
look at some fan-favorite
costumes.
Here we go.
One, two, three.
Here's our bird.
- Here's our bird.
- With the bell.
Is that a misfire or favorite?
I feel like the lion
ate the bird in this one.
It's like a bird that's already
been eaten.
- Right.
- Yeah.
ALEC: She shrunk in the wash.
- I'm sorry.
NADINE: Like the Shrinky Dinks.
You remember?
You put them in the
oven and they got all--
She heated up.
She got a little smaller.
Oh, my God. That's amazing.
- Oh.
- Jetsons.
It's Jetsons.
It's a little Judy Jetson.
- Oh, my gosh. She's so cute.
- So cute. I can't. I can't.
It's like Judy Jetson
meets Hello Kitty.
From back to the future.
You're not even supposed
to be seeing this.
It's messing up the space-time
continuum completely.
ANNOUNCER: Junior Small Groups--
NADINE: Oh, my God. Cyndi Lauper
called and wants her hair back.
ALEC: Oh. It's the
circle of life.
Oh, it's Bollywood.
[imitating Indian talking].
It's Bollywood.
This is a dance of your people.
Indian, Indian, Indian.
[vocalizing] Bollywood.
There aren't enough people
in the group for Bollywood, by
the way.
She got more crooked every day.
ALEC: You do that whole dance--
you choreographed this whole
thing
by just telling them what to do.
Yeah. But they take class,
and they are trained in class.
Oh. 1940s.
They've got the [inaudible].
I heard tell about it.
I'm not that old.
JEFF: Wow. What do you think?
ALEC: How does it feel watching
that?
Can you remember all the work
that you put into it?
Yes. It's exhausting.
NADINE: I know the costumes
vary, but what do they range
from?
ABBY: Costumes range
anywhere from street clothing
that I went to the
mall and bought.
For $50 bucks a kid,
up to $350 bucks a kit.
We are doing new routines
every, single week.
So when you see the
kids go to competition
and they're competing
against other studios,
those kids at
those other studios
have been working on
those routines for months.
Sometimes the costume
isn't about the money,
but about how quickly
we can get them done.
We get the music on Tuesday.
And Friday,
we're on a bus going somewhere.
So when I sketch the costume
is after I've heard the music,
and I know what the
theme is going to be.
JEFF: I'm here with Abby Lee
Miller, the star of "Dance
Moms,"
Melissa, comedian superfans,
Alec Mapa and Nadine Rajabi.
JEFF: And this is
"Dance Moms Chatter."
All right. So one of the huge
topics that fans love to talk
about
on the chat sites is
Abby, and why we never
get to see her showing
the girls moves.
So you think you've seen it all
on "Dance Moms?" Think again.
Take a look at this.
ABBY: The world
was mine to give.
I must say, I'm surprised
that Abby is up.
Abby must really care about this
routine. She is actually up and
out of her chair.
ABBY: You don't understand.
I figure it all out ahead of
time,
before they get in there.
And hit it, hit it, hit it.
Stroll two, three,
four. Grand Plie.
- Wow.
- Try that.
Abby is funny looking
when she tries to do hip hop.
Cross. [inaudible]
turn, bevel. Kiss.
I love this one. Dig it.
[laughter]
[applause]
I love that you did that.
She really needs
to go on a date.
Oh here is--
Abby is going to do her drag
queen walk.
She's revving up
from head to toe.
Mama's in the house.
- Pull down her shirt.
- Look. She's got her foot
beveled.
- Oh, the head's going.
- God.
The torpedoes are out.
Abby loves herself
a drag queen dance.
- Oh, lord help us all.
- Oh, watch out.
Everybody get out your
mental scrub brush.
- Okay. Here she goes.
- Oh, my God.
I hope you didn't do
that for her date.
- Oh, the wrists are limp.
- Oh, gross.
- Whatever that move is--
- Here it comes.
Did you see Holly's face?
Oh, my God. I think she thinks
she looks good doing that stuff.
I don't think that looks good.
What, what, what?
Thank you.
She's marking it.
She's marking the routine,
right?
- Listening to some music?
- Always.
Looks like you're
having a good time.
Hello.
I think that's one of
the big things of the show,
is that you get so
much accomplished
without ever moving
all that much.
It's like if there was a cooking
show where somebody stood off to
the side
and said, a pinch of salt.
Add some pepper.
Easy with the coriander. And
somebody was able to prepare
this gourmet meal.
- I mean, that's what it's like.
NADINE: It's like the IKEA of
dancing.
It's almost like you could just
diagram it, and they do it.
ALEC: Like you just
shout out the instructions,
and these kids do
whatever you want.
She does that,
and people just do things for
her.
ABBY: I delegate.
NADINE: She is the owner.
- She's allowed to, right?
ABBY: I delegate. That's right.
Yeah. But it goes beyond
the dance studio, right?
ABBY: I've been doing
this for 33 years.
- I got it down pat.
- It's her world. We just live
in it.
JEFF: Alec and Nadine, I want to
thank you guys for being our
guests.
- You're welcome.
JEFF: Before you go.
I want to know, do you have any
questions you want to ask Abby?
Yes. Are you moving to Los
Angeles, because I want you to
be my neighbor.
- She wants to move to Los
Angeles. - How about you?
My burning question is,
how would you rate me
and put me in your pyramid,
based on today?
Oh, I think you'd
make the middle tier.
But then again, I
haven't met your mother.
- That's true.
- Ah!
Nadine and Alec,
it's been fantastic having you.
I'm Jeff Collins, and this is
"Dance Moms Chatter" signing
off.
Join us next time for more dish
and much more drama from "Dance
Moms."
[applause]
ABBY: Next on "Dance Moms."
ABBY: All of you have the
opportunity to come and see me
in LA.
Maddie came out.
We made an agreement.
We all stood by that, and you
didn't.
ABBY: It has to be bigger. It's
boring. Boring.
She's going to die
alone with no friends.
I'm sure you wish I would die
in a car accident too.
ABBY: If you have any
regrets about your solo, Maddie,
now isn't the time to go out and
prove how wonderful you are.
I think today proved a lot.
I'm done. I'm so over it.